[serve] Remove fruit stand from production guide (#39351)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/handling-dependencies.md

(serve-runtime-env)=
## Add a runtime environment

> The import path (e.g., `text_ml:deployment_graph`) must be importable by Serve at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import path (e.g., `text_ml:app`) must be importable by Serve at runtime.
```
